Add "discord" to disallowed names for webhooks (#5999)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Webhook.md

Creates a new webhook and returns a [webhook](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/webhook-object) object on success. Requires the `MANAGE_WEBHOOKS` permission. Fires a [Webhooks Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/webhooks-update) Gateway event.

An error will be returned if a webhook name (`name`) is not valid. A webhook name is valid if:

> - It does not contain the substrings "**clyde**" or "**discord**" (case-insensitive)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It does not contain the substrings `clyde` or `discord` (case-insensitive)
```
fine with this change—i know you're following the existing format, but i want to update it to be consistent with https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/user#usernames-and-nicknames (so just changed to `)

> - It does not contain the substrings "**clyde**" or "**discord**" (case-insensitive)
> - It follows the nickname guidelines in the [Usernames and Nicknames](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/usernames-and-nicknames) documentation, with an exception that webhook names can be up to 80 characters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It does not contain the substrings '**clyde**' (case-insensitive)
- It follows the guidelines in the [Usernames and Nicknames](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/usernames-and-nicknames) documentation, with an exception that webhook names can be up to 80 characters
```
